
Hello is welcome. 

In the past we have seen a lot of people like relatives, friends or acquaintances who were victims of identity theft.

Let's take for example robert, robert is a 40 years old man who lives his life in the field of selling furniture, he spends a lot of his free time posting vacations of him and pictures of his family at the beach or in the mountains .... he also takes the opportunity to present his family to the internet users via social networks.

Let's take another example, a young man called jores, 20 years old, who is a video game enthusiast, he spends a lot of his free time playing video games and posting pictures of himself on social networks and creating videos on the internet that he posts behind

What do these two people have in common?
Simply that they are both susceptible to identity theft,

For what reason?
Simply because the hacker sees an opportunity to make money 

By reselling it or simply using it to blackmail in the form of ransomware or other methods to obtain money. 
What is identity theft?
Identity theft is the creation in the case of Robert of a fake account on social networks that recovers the information of the official account of Robert and posts them also by modifying the message for example in order to humiliate a community or a person in particular.


But then does Robert have a way to protect himself from this practice?
Yes, the best way is not to post too much information about yourself on the internet and to be careful about the sites you visit and not to prevent people from following you on the internet.

By following this advice you will already have less risk like jores who has very few photos that show on the internet 

My subject consists in presenting you of manieres effective and clear the risks and the dangers of the usurpation of identity to allow you behind in to see of it conscience and to protect you of this practice
 
---
Vocabulary : 

Identity theft : Usurpation d'identité
acquaintances : conaissances (ami)
relatives : proches
blackmail : chantage 


Sources :
kaspersky : https://www.kaspersky.fr/blog/tag/usurpation-didentite/